Life is about making an impact, not making an income.:Kevin Kruse
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.:Napoleon Hill
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.:Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. :Robert Frost
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.:Florence Nightingale
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.:Wayne Gretzky
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.:Michael Jordan
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.:Amelia Earhart
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.:Babe Ruth
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.:W. Clement Stone
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.:Kevin Kruse
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.:John Lennon
We become what we think about.:Earl Nightingale
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover.:Mark Twain
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.:Charles Swindoll
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.:Alice Walker
The mind is everything. What you think you become. :Buddha
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.:Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living.:Socrates
Eighty percent of success is showing up.:Woody Allen
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.:Steve Jobs
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.:Vince Lombardi
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.:Stephen Covey
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.:Pablo Picasso
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.:Christopher Columbus
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.:Maya Angelou
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.:Jim Rohn
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.:Henry Ford
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The best revenge is massive success.:Frank Sinatra
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily.:Zig Ziglar
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.:Anais Nin
If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.:Vincent Van Gogh
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.:Aristotle
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.:Jesus
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.:Ralph Waldo Emerson
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined.:Henry David Thoreau
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me.:Erma Bombeck
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. :Booker T. Washington
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.: Ancient Indian Proverb
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.:Theodore Roosevelt
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.:George Addair
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.:Plato
Teach thy tongue to say, “I do not know,” and thous shalt progress.:Maimonides
Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can.:Arthur Ashe
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.:John Lennon
Fall seven times and stand up eight.:Japanese Proverb
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.:Helen Keller
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.:Confucius
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.:Anne Frank
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.:Lao Tzu
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.:Maya Angelou
Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions.:Dalai Lama
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.:Sheryl Sandberg
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end.:Aristotle
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.:Latin Proverb
You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground.:Unknown
We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.:Marie Curie
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.:Les Brown
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.:Joshua J. Marine
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.:Booker T. Washington
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.:Leonardo da Vinci
Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.:Jamie Paolinetti
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame.:Erica Jong
What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.:Bob Dylan
I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.:Benjamin Franklin
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.:Bill Cosby
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.: Albert Einstein
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.:Chinese Proverb
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile.:Roger Staubach
It is never too late to be what you might have been.:George Eliot
You become what you believe.:Oprah Winfrey
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.:Vincent van Gogh
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.:Unknown
It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings. :Ann Landers
If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money.:Abigail Van Buren
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.:Farrah Gray
The battles that count aren’t the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that’s where it’s at.:Jesse Owens
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance.:Sir Claus Moser
I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.:Rosa Parks
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.:Confucius
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.:Oprah Winfrey
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.:Dalai Lama
You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have.:Maya Angelou
Dream big and dare to fail.:Norman Vaughan
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.:Martin Luther King Jr.
Do what you can, where you are, with what you have.:Teddy Roosevelt
If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.:Tony Robbins
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.:Gloria Steinem
It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live.:Mae Jemison
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.:Beverly Sills
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.:Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.:Grandma Moses
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.:Ayn Rand
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.:Henry Ford
It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.:Abraham Lincoln
Change your thoughts and you change your world.:Norman Vincent Peale
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.:Benjamin Franklin
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!”:Audrey Hepburn
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.:Steve Jobs
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.:Zig Ziglar
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible.:Frank L. Gaines
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.:Jackie Joyner-Kersee
I always felt that my greatest asset was not my physical ability, it was my mental ability.:Bruce Jenner
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.:Ross Perot
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself.:Larry Brown
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.:Derek Jeter
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.:Emil Zatopek
When you've got something to prove, there's nothing greater than a challenge.:Terry Bradshaw
It's not the will to win that matters - everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.:Paul "Bear" Bryant
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.:Marv Levy
Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your own tow ears.:Larid Hamilton
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.:Bo Jackson
If you can't outplay them, outwork them.:Ben Hodgeman
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.:M.H Alderson
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.:Liane Cardes
Good is not good when better is expected.:Vin Scully
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.:Tommy Lasorda
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110 percent all the time.:Don Zimmer
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.:Mark Spitz
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before.:Steve Young
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.:Pele
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.:George Halas
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.:Arnold Schwarzenegger
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all.:J. Askenberg
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.:Arnold Palmer
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.:Micheal Jordan
To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them.:Picabo Street
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.:Herschel Walker
Your biggest opponent isn't the other guy. It's human nature.:Bobby Knight
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.:Ronnie Lott
If you don't have confidence, you'll always find a way to not win.:Carl Lewis
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.:Michael Jordan
Make each day your masterpiece.:John Wooden
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.:Pat Reily
Win If You Can, Lose If You Must, But NEVER QUIT!:Cameron Trammell
If you have everything under control, you’re not moving fast enough.:Mario Andretti
Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it.:Ted Williams
If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all?:Joe Namath
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.:Michael Phelps
Do not let what you can not do interfere with what you can do.:John Wooden
Adversity cause some men to break; others to break records.:William A. Ward
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way.:Satchel Paige
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.':Muhammad Ali
A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t.:Jack Dempsey
It ain't over till it's over.:Yogi Berra
You’re never a loser until you quit trying.:Mike Ditka
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take.:Wayne Gretzky
Gold medals aren’t really made of gold. They’re made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.:Dan Gable
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.:Michael Jordan
It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.:Vince Lombardi
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.:Epictetus
You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives.:Clay P. Bedford
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism.:David M. Burns
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.:Mark Twain
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.:Will Durant
Tell me and I’ll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I’ll understand.:Chinese Proverb
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.:Jim Rohn
People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong.:Bill Vaughan
Education cost money, but then so does ignorance.:Claus Moser
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the human soul.:Joseph Addison
Education makes a people easy to lead, but difficult to drive: easy to govern, but impossible to enslave.:Peter Brougham
It is in fact a part of the function of education to help us escape, not from our own time — for we are bound by that — but from the intellectual and emotional limitations of our time.:T.S. Eliot
If people did not do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.:Ludwig Witgenstein
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.:B.B King
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.:Mahatma Gandhi
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.:Mark Twain
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.:Oscar Wilde
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.:Augustine of Hippo
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.:Robert Frost
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.:Margaret Mead
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.:Martin Luther King Jr.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.:Aristotle
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.:E.M. Forster
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.:Plutarch
By seeking and blundering we learn.:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.:Anton Chekhov
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.:Derek Bok
