It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives.
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Tell me and I’ll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I’ll understand.
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.
People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong.
Education cost money, but then so does ignorance.
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the human soul.
Education makes a people easy to lead, but difficult to drive
It is in fact a part of the function of education to help us escape, not from our own time — for we are bound by that — but from the intellectual and emotional limitations of our time.
If people did not do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
By seeking and blundering we learn.
Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
