It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.:Epictetus
You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives.:Clay P. Bedford
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism.:David M. Burns
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.:Mark Twain
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.:Will Durant
Tell me and I’ll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I’ll understand.:Chinese Proverb
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.:Jim Rohn
People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong.:Bill Vaughan
Education cost money, but then so does ignorance.:Claus Moser
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the human soul.:Joseph Addison
Education makes a people easy to lead, but difficult to drive: easy to govern, but impossible to enslave.:Peter Brougham
It is in fact a part of the function of education to help us escape, not from our own time — for we are bound by that — but from the intellectual and emotional limitations of our time.:T.S. Eliot
If people did not do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.:Ludwig Witgenstein
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.:B.B King
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.:Mahatma Gandhi
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.:Mark Twain
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.:Oscar Wilde
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.:Augustine of Hippo
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.:Robert Frost
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.:Margaret Mead
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.:Martin Luther King Jr.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.:Aristotle
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.:E.M. Forster
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.:Plutarch
By seeking and blundering we learn.:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.:Anton Chekhov
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.:Derek Bok
