Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible.
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.
I always felt that my greatest asset was not my physical ability, it was my mental ability.
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.
When you've got something to prove, there's nothing greater than a challenge.
It's not the will to win that matters - everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.
Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your own tow ears.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
If you can't outplay them, outwork them.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Good is not good when better is expected.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110 percent all the time.
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before.
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them.
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.
Your biggest opponent isn't the other guy. It's human nature.
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
If you don't have confidence, you'll always find a way to not win.
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Win If You Can, Lose If You Must, But NEVER QUIT!
If you have everything under control, you’re not moving fast enough.
Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it.
If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all?
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Do not let what you can not do interfere with what you can do.
Adversity cause some men to break; others to break records.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t.
It ain't over till it's over.
You’re never a loser until you quit trying.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take.
Gold medals aren’t really made of gold. They’re made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.
