Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible.:Frank L. Gaines
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.:Jackie Joyner-Kersee
I always felt that my greatest asset was not my physical ability, it was my mental ability.:Bruce Jenner
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.:Ross Perot
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself.:Larry Brown
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.:Derek Jeter
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.:Emil Zatopek
When you've got something to prove, there's nothing greater than a challenge.:Terry Bradshaw
It's not the will to win that matters - everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.:Paul 'Bear' Bryant
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement.:Marv Levy
Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your own tow ears.:Larid Hamilton
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.:Bo Jackson
If you can't outplay them, outwork them.:Ben Hodgeman
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.:M.H Alderson
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.:Liane Cardes
Good is not good when better is expected.:Vin Scully
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.:Tommy Lasorda
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110 percent all the time.:Don Zimmer
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.:Mark Spitz
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before.:Steve Young
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.:Pele
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.:George Halas
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.:Arnold Schwarzenegger
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all.:J. Askenberg
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.:Arnold Palmer
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.:Micheal Jordan
To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them.:Picabo Street
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.:Herschel Walker
Your biggest opponent isn't the other guy. It's human nature.:Bobby Knight
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.:Ronnie Lott
If you don't have confidence, you'll always find a way to not win.:Carl Lewis
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.:Michael Jordan
Make each day your masterpiece.:John Wooden
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.:Pat Reily
Win If You Can, Lose If You Must, But NEVER QUIT!:Cameron Trammell
If you have everything under control, you’re not moving fast enough.:Mario Andretti
Just keep going. Everybody gets better if they keep at it.:Ted Williams
If you aren’t going all the way, why go at all?:Joe Namath
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.:Michael Phelps
Do not let what you can not do interfere with what you can do.:John Wooden
Adversity cause some men to break; others to break records.:William A. Ward
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way.:Satchel Paige
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.':Muhammad Ali
A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t.:Jack Dempsey
It ain't over till it's over.:Yogi Berra
You’re never a loser until you quit trying.:Mike Ditka
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take.:Wayne Gretzky
Gold medals aren’t really made of gold. They’re made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.:Dan Gable
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.:Michael Jordan
It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.:Vince Lombardi
